added magic contract usage page (#1102)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: docs/build/wasp/0.7.0/docs/guide/evm/magic-uses.md

Reviewer: Not sure if this introduction is descriptive enough. But as we plan to refactor this docs it should be fine for now

---
description: The ISC Magic Contract allows EVM contracts to access ISC functionality.
image: /img/logo/WASP_logo_dark.png
keywords:
  - configure
  - using
  - EVM
  - magic
  - Ethereum
  - Solidity
  - metamask
  - JSON
  - RPC
---

# The ISC Magic Usage

## Send Assets and Tokens to L1

> :::info
> Currently, you can only send back a token to L1 if it was originally send to L2 from L1.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info

Currently, you can only send back a token to L1 if it was originally sent to L2 from L1.

:::
```

> You can decide how much storage deposit to do by defining it in baseTokens:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can decide how much storage deposit to add by defining it in baseTokens:
```

```solidity
allowance.baseTokens = storageDeposit
```

> Do make sure this amount is big enough to cover the gas fee or else the call will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure the amount is big enough to cover the gas fee or the call will fail.
```

> Define assets to send and the balance that will be sent will be deducted after tokens for gas fee from it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define assets to send, and the actual balance will be deducted from after tokens for gas fee got subtracted:
```

```solidity
ISCAssets memory assets;
```

> So, if you're sending base tokens, you can define as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, if you're sending base tokens, you can define them as:
```

---
description: The ISC Magic Contract allows EVM contracts to access ISC functionality.
image: /img/logo/WASP_logo_dark.png
keywords:
  - configure
  - using
  - EVM
  - magic
  - Ethereum
  - Solidity
  - metamask
  - JSON
  - RPC
---

# The ISC Magic Usage

## Send Assets and Tokens to L1

:::info

Currently, you can only send back a token to L1 if it was originally sent to L2 from L1.

:::

You can decide how much storage deposit to add by defining it in baseTokens:

```solidity
allowance.baseTokens = storageDeposit
```

> Make sure the amount is big enough to cover the gas fee or the call will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure the amount is big enough to cover the gas fee, or the call will fail.
```
